so I wanted to say two words by
report on the relationship between another
artistic idea is your interpretation
and the technique
the relationship with the fingers because in
done when you have the idea of ​​a stamp
to whose phrases and
there for you it passes before touching
acquired in touch and that will guarantee the
sound result that you want to get
and touching it must be very concrete
you must know exactly for
what reasons do you use means
techniques so that's out for that
we give you is installed the report
between your body is the instrument and
to know exactly what are you
make to get every little
sound gradation so that's
would seem logical it seems very
obvious but yesterday for example I have side
a pianist who could not go
beyond my nice strong jumps because
that I think he feared the world
caught up that sealed if they're over
strong and so virgin waited someone
who's who and who's a concert performer
are many concerts but his palette
dark and the very limited between
share yes and so when I looked
what does he do with his body and
how energy understood the problem and
the problem what his body intervenes
not so stiff neck and back
there are the bankers days and when she
wanted to play harder he did that
when we do that you're screwed
there is nothing then what do we
hurts you just have to see this
that they did the classics the
prefects to there is a chopin exercise
however, advised this exercise
all teachers from 1st
course with the student, ie that
chopin considered that this exercise that
must be the first relationship with the
piano of the first contact with the feet
bah I do not know why you
do not do but in fact I'm going to
between this exercise and I think that's
very useful even for concert players
because if you are going to try doing
once you will see that there is a
some thing that you do not use
there are you how to say
possibilities that are still dormant
which are put
the interviews use so here's in
do we press the right pedal we do not
loose more
there was an easiest finger with
the third we start playing a
Strip alone game is to busnes
from the sweetest fashion the most
low
until you rent or cloud then center
going through every step was
intermediate and you will see that
we do it with our body
that is when we use the
gravitational principle
that is to say that to lie down small
object and falls small distances and
viable strike if a grain of home
we fall from 5th floor ben it'll be
the trait and so it's for him to get
from piano to telus tv we do not play on
For this purpose there we showed facebook
the sand to show that two encounters
in fact that in common or it's a small
finger that plays on the key there is
no distance between our fingers and the
open mouth
it is a very good style with which one
can do anything
when you vote
or
make a voice more or believe you
see that there is already the wrist that
conquers there is a certain distance
enjoyed before the arm
m
I am
e
I always had you always have the
bottom there is no brake there is
some tips
this is not what is ugly and so what
advised to do not do it is to do
with every finger with us for this
style with the 5th but it's mostly with
the 5th 25th is another story I
you were talking about 5th must pass the
disaster what are you doing
you go to it I very often have it
have to put it standing in it's too and
must bear the weight of our body
that we fall back to small dishes
put a vertical and so you go
do the same exercise and with the little
5th must also
no
m
we
or
and a pediatrician you make to laugh that's
to say that we stronger than me for
we have a strong stir now to
save time I did lille but if
I'm wrong I can not find I can
harris 58 59 10 between us between me
must and not see others this is
which you have to do already with your
pupils from pine first course and
and even if you're moving forward that's it
does good to revise this exercise
regularly to re install this
feeling that I made love I can
order whatever I wanted to say
immediately know exactly what
means I do it that's it's the base
of our piano interpretation